
* NOTE: before compiling, you may have to "make depend", to clean
* up my old dependencies. the programis provided and the makefile will
* know how to find it (assuming you make in the src dir).

Systems supported: (the capital letter in paranthesis indicates the
byte order: (N) = Non Intel (MSB), (I) = Intel (LSB)). This is very
important, read "PORTING" for how this can affect you. You will not
be able to enter the game using a character in an incompatible 
user file!

(N) Sun4 (4.1.2):

		use gcc only; tested v1.4 and v2.4+
		on v1.4 there was an interesting bug which caused
		core dups in main.c. This was not present in the
		2.4 compiler, but may be in yours. if so, define
		BROKEN_GCC.

		The handler may be left enabled for sun4's. The
	 	handler at this current time may give false
		output, so do not rely on it. It may be best
		to just do without it (-UHANDLER).

(I) Alliant Concentrix 2800 (3.0.00):


		undefine -UHANDLER, it will not work.

		use the scc (scalar) compiler; fxc has not yet been
		tested.

(N) MIPS:

	This machine's cpp is incompatible, use the one provided in
	misc/cpp. Install it as xpp in the game's bin dir.

	I couldn't find the STRFTIME function on this machine, tho the
	man page exists. Ergo, it automatically defines NEED_STRFTIME
	in machine/mips.h

(N) RS6000/AIX

        Not very hard to port, except for some header files which
        needed to be specifically added. the cpp seems okay, tho
        it failed on one particular object (reset), so be careful.

What the defines mean:

  * These should be defined in the machine/*.h files:

	SYS_EQBUG - define this if you don't have strcasecmp
		It will be provided if you don't have it.

	NO_VARARGS - don't use varargs (the machine cannot support
		functions like vsprintf, etc). Note that you could
		get a public domain implementation from various
		internet sites (such as ftp.germany.eu.net).

	NEED_RANDOM - define this if you don't have a random() function.
		It will be provided if you don't have it.

	NEED_STRFTIME - your library doesn't have strftime
		It will be provided if you don't have it.

  
  * These should be defined in your Makefile:

	-DDEBUG - along with the various meanings that can be assigned
	 	to it during debugging, it will also refuse to catch
		segmentation faults, bus errors, or sys errors.. However
		it will not affect any custom handler you are using,
		such as -DHANDLER.. So if you want core dumps, use
		-UHANDLER and -DDEBUG.



